# Uleth 
A CLI tool for efficiently cracking forgotten Ethereum wallet passwords by using a list of known possibilities and permuations.

Uleth allows you to incrementally add entries and keeps track of your progress so that you never need to redo either manual or computational work.

This unlocking tool works with wallet files generated by the official [geth](https://geth.ethereum.org/) client.

## Setup
This application is supported only on Ubuntu Linux with Python 3.

1. Clone this repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:mturnshek/uleth.git
```

2. Install package dependencies:
```
sudo apt install libssl-dev
```

3. Install python3 library dependencies:
```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

After the application is installed, first create a new uleth keystore based on an ethereum private key file:
```
python3 uleth.py new [keystore name] [path to private key file]
```

Next, run the interactive password database generator to store a set of base passwords that unlocker will use.
```
python3 uleth.py entry [keystore name]
```
Enter a set of possible passwords. Runtime increases drastically with additional entries, and so it is important to consider them carefully. See the future [how to think about lost passwords]() guide for further analysis.

To add automatically generated swaps, omissions, and repitions to your entries, pass the `--typos` flag:
```
python3 uleth.py entry [keystore name] --typos
```
It is also possible to use the `load` command to load a list of passwords from a file.

At any point after some passwords have been entered, try running the unlocking process. This will take some length of time depending on the number and length of entries, but your progress will be saved should you decide to stop or add more entries later.
```
python3 uleth.py run [keystore name]
```

You can continue adding entries with the `entry` process as the unlocking process is running, and they will be added to the list of things to try.

If your password has been found, congratulations! Consider [tipping](). If not, continue adding entries incrementally and running the unlocking process.


### Commands List

#### new

Creates a new uleth keystore instance for a given keystore. This will delete an existing entry with the same name.

`python3 uleth.py new asdf ../path/to/keystore`

#### entry

Begins a manual password loading session for the named keystore.

`python3 uleth.py entry asdf`

#### load

Load a newline-separated password file for the named keystore.

`python3 uleth.py load asdf ../path/to/newline-separated-passwords.txt`

#### run

Begin attempting to unlock the keystore using loaded passwords.

`python3 uleth.py run asdf`

#### clean

Removes all untried passwords from the named keystore.

`python3 uleth.py clean asdf`

#### ls

Lists all passwords that have been attempted for the named keystore.

`python3 uleth.py ls asdf`

#### stats

Provides statistics such as single-password check time, loaded passwords, attempted passwords for a keystore.

`python3 uleth.py stats asdf`
